Tompkins, Wasson & Cone maintained sincere-looking offices on one
of the upper floors of No. 1 Wall Street. The rooms were carefully
furnished in dark wood and turkey-red upholstery, in a style calculated
to reassure elderly ladies of great wealth that the firm was careful
and conservative.

The girl at the reception desk looked as though she had graduated with
honor from Wellesley in the class of 1920 and still had it--pince-nez
and condescension--but she was thoroughly up-to-date in her
office-technique.

"Oh, Mr. Tompkins," she murmured in a clear, low voice, "there's a
gentleman waiting to see you in the customer's room, a Mr. Harcourt.
He's been here since ten o'clock this morning."

"He's had no lunch?" I inquired.

She shook her head.

I clucked my tongue. "We can't have our customers starve to death, can
we? Send out for a club sandwich and some hot coffee. Give me five
minutes to take a look at my mail and then send him in. When the food
arrives, send that in, too. I clean forgot."

She blinked her hazel eyes behind her pince-nez to show that she
understood, and I walked confidently down to the end of the corridor to
where a "Mr. Tompkins" stared at me conservatively from a glazed door.

My office lived up to my fondest dream of Winnie. It was an ingenious
blend of the 1870's and functional furniture--like a cocktail of port
wine and vodka. There were electric clocks, a silenced stock-ticker
in a glass-covered mahogany coffin, an elaborate Sheraton radio
with short-wave reception, tuned in on WQXR, and desks and chairs
and divans and a really good steel engraving showing General Grant
receiving Lee's surrender at Appomattox Court House, with a chart
underneath to explain who was who in the picture.

The desk I was glad to note, was bare except for an electric
clock-calendar which told me that it was 3:12 p.m. of April 4, 1945,
and a handsome combination humidor, cigarette case and automatic
lighter in aluminum and synthetic tortoise-shell. A glance out the
window gave me a reassuring glimpse of the spire of Trinity Church.
There was a single typed memo on the glass top of the desk, which read:
"Mr. Harcourt, 10:13 a.m. Would not state business. Will wait."

I pushed one of the array of buttons concealed underneath the edge of
the desk and a door opened to admit a largish blonde in a tight-fitting
sweater.

"Yes, Mr. Tompkins?"

"Please have Mr. Harcourt sent in," I said, "And when he comes, bring
your notebook and take a stenographic record of our conversation
and--er--what's your name?"

She raised her well-plucked eyebrows. "I'm Eleanor Roosevelt, my
parents named me Arthurjean--after both of them--Arthurjean--Miss
Briggs to you!"

"Very well, Miss Briggs, tell Mr. Harcourt I'll see him now."

A moment later, she reappeared holding a card in her fingers as though
it was a live cockroach. "Sure you want to see this?" she asked.

The card read: "Mr. A. J. Harcourt, Special Agent. Federal Bureau of
Investigation, U. S. Department of Justice, U. S. Court House, Foley
Square, New York 23, N. Y."

"Of course," I replied, "I've been expecting him for some time."

A. J. Harcourt was neat but not gaudy: a clean-cut, Hart, Shaffner and
Marx tailored man of about thirty-five, with that indefinable family
resemblance to J. Edgar Hoover which always worries me about the F.B.I.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Harcourt," I said pleasantly, "and what can I do
for the F.B.I.?"

Harcourt shook my hand, took a seat, refused a cigarette and cast a
doubtful glance over his shoulder at Arthurjean Briggs, who was working
semi-silently away at a stenotype machine.

"Oh, that's my secretary," I explained. "I always have her take a
record of important conversations in this office. I hope the machine
doesn't disturb you, Mr. Harcourt."

"If it's all right with you it's all right with me," he said
grudgingly. "I thought perhaps you'd rather have this private."

"Not in the least," I replied. "Miss Briggs is the soul of discretion
and I can imagine nothing we could talk about that I wouldn't want her
to hear."

The G-Man looked as though he was worrying over whether he ought to
call Washington for permission. They hadn't taught him this one in
the F.B.I. academy of finger-printing, marksmanship, shadowing and
wire-tapping.

"By the way, Mr. Harcourt," I added, "I just learned as I came in that
you've been waiting for me since ten this morning. It's after three now
so I took the liberty of sending out for a sandwich and some coffee for
you. I thought you might like a bite of lunch while you are talking
with me."

The Special Agent looked as surprised as though he had found Hoover's
fingerprints on the murder-gun, but he nodded gamely.

"Here it is now," I remarked, as there was a knock on the door and
a knowing-looking boy placed an appealing tray-load of sandwiches,
pickles and coffee in front of Mr. Harcourt.

"Now you go right ahead and eat your lunch," I urged. "Ask me for any
information in my possession and you shall have it. And of course
I'll have Miss Briggs send a complete transcript of our talk to you
at F.B.I. headquarters by registered mail. First of all, if you don't
mind, would you show me your official identification and let Miss
Briggs take down the number and so on. It's always best to put these
things in the record, isn't it?"

The G-Man gulped and produced a battered identity card, complete with
fingerprints, number, Hoover's signature and a photograph which would
have justified his immediate arrest on suspicion of bank-robbery.

"I imagine, Mr. Harcourt," I remarked, "that you've had plenty of time
in the last five hours to question members of my staff about whatever
it is you think they might know about my business."

He looked up, almost pathetically. "I asked a few questions," he
admitted. "This is just an informal inquiry. Nothing for Grand Jury
action--yet."

I didn't like that last word.

"Do you think I ought to call my lawyer in before I proceed with our
talk?" I asked. "I resent your reference to Grand Jury action. So far,
I don't even know what you wish to see me about and you have just made
a libelous statement in front of a reliable witness. Is that the way J.
Edgar Hoover trains his Gestapo?"

"I--well--"

"Come on, Harcourt, let's get on with it!" I interrupted. "I'm a busy
man and you've wasted five hours of the time my taxes help to pay for,
just waiting to take more of my time."

He pulled a black leather notebook out of his pocket and consulted it.

"The Bureau was asked to interrogate you, Mr. Tompkins, on behalf of
another government agency."

"Which? Internal Revenue? W.P.B.? The S.E.C?"

"No sir, it was none of those. I'm not at liberty to tell you which
one. I am simply instructed to ask you what you know about U.S.S.
Alaska and naval dispositions in the North Pacific."

I leaned back and laughed. "Now I get it," I said. "That's O.N.I, and
that triple-plated ass, Ranty Tolan, trying to win the war in the
barrooms of New York. It all goes back to a dream I had while I was
dozing at the Pond Club Monday afternoon. Something about the U.S.S.
Alaska being blown up off the Aleutians. Tolan was there when I woke up
and I passed a few remarks about my dream before I was fully awake, if
you know what I mean. That's all there is to it, Mr. Harcourt."

The Special Agent made a number of hen-tracks in his notebook.

"Thank you very much, Mr. Tompkins," he said. "No doubt you'll be able
to explain things if my chief wants to call you in. I don't think my
chief believes in dreams. Not that kind of dream. Not in war-time."

I laughed again. "I'm afraid I can't help that. So far as I am
concerned, the F.B.I. can believe in my dream or stick it in the files."

Harcourt coughed. "It's not easy working with O.N.I, or other
intelligence outfits," he said. "They never tell us anything. The
trouble with your dream seems to be that the general public isn't
supposed to know that the U.S.S. Alaska is in commission and that the
Navy department has had no word from her since last Saturday."

"Don't let that worry you," I said. "If she was anywhere near the
Kuriles, she'd keep radio silence, specially off Paramushiro."

"Oh!" Harcourt remarked. "O.N.I. didn't say anything about Paramushiro.
Thank you, Mr. Tompkins. We'll be in touch with you, off and on."

He rose, very politely, shook hands again, thanked me for the food,
nodded to Miss Briggs and made a definitely Grade A exit.

His steps died away down the corridor. Miss Briggs waited until he
was out of earshot then turned to me. "You God damned fool!" she said
fondly. "You had him bluffed until you talked about Paramushiro. Why
did you admit anything?"

I looked up at her broad, pleasant face.

"So you've made a monkey out of me. I alibied you up and down. Listen,
Winnie, the F.B.I. have been all over the joint since early yesterday.
We were warned not to whisper a word to you. There was an agent waiting
to grill me when I got home last night. I told him you'd been spending
the week-end with me."

"You told him--" I was startled.

"Sure! Why not? He wasn't interested in my morals. I told him about our
place up in the fifties and gave you a complete alibi from Friday close
of business until Monday noon. And now you have to make like a Nazi
with the ships in the Pacific. Say, what is it you've supposed to have
done--kissed MacArthur?"

"Damned if I know, Miss Briggs. That's part of the trouble."

"Lay off that 'Miss Briggs' stuff. That was to punish you for giving
me the fish-eye when you came in. I'm your Arthurjean and the market's
closed so you'd better catch the subway uptown with me and I'll cook
you a steak dinner at our place."

This was too deep water for hesitation, so I took the plunge. Taking
my hat and coat I told the genteel receptionist that I'd be back in
the morning. I waited for Arthurjean at the foot of the elevators and
followed her lead, into the East Side subway and up to the 51st Street
station, on to "our place."

It was very discreet--an old brown-stone front converted into small
apartments. There was no door-man and an automatic elevator prevented
any intrusive check on the comings and goings of the tenants. The
third-floor front had been made into a pleasant little two-room
suite--a "master's bedroom" (Why not 'mistress's?' I thought) with a
double-bed, dresser and chairs, and an array of ducks which revealed
the true Tompkins touch. There was a small sitting-dining room as
well, and a kitchenette with a satisfactory array of bottles in the
Frigidaire and a reasonable amount of groceries.

Arthurjean took off her hat and coat, fixed me a good stiff drink and
then disappeared into the bathroom. After a good deal of splashing and
gurgling, she reappeared clad in maroon satin pyjamas.

"There," she said, "now I feel better."

I smiled at her. "Here's to Arthurjean!" I said.

"Nuts to Arthurjean," she replied. "How about Winnie? You've always
been swell to me, and you know it. I don't care if you're a louse or
a souse. You can always come to me any time you're in trouble and
I'll fix you up. Now you're in trouble with the cops, so how about me
helping you? Huh?"

"You're a good kid," I said truthfully, for Arthurjean was indeed one
of God's own sweet tarts. "The truth is I'm in all kinds of a jam. You
see, I can't seem to remember what I've been doing before last Monday.
It's sort of like loss of memory, only worse. This F.B.I. thing is only
one of my headaches."

She looked at me questioningly. "So you don't remember where you were
before Monday?" she asked. She slouched across the room, leaned down
and gave me a hearty kiss. "Will that help you remember? It was like
I told that detective. You and me were right here in this place over
Easter and don't forget it."

I sighed. I liked Arthurjean, though she was as corned-beef and cabbage
to Germaine's caviar and champagne. "Okay," I said. "I won't forget it."

"Attaboy!" she agreed. "Now that we've got that settled, suppose you
tell me where the hell you really were over the week-end. You stood me
up Friday night and today's the first time I've set eyes on you since
you left the office Friday morning. Boy, you may have some explaining
to do to the F.B.I., but it's nothing to what you got to explain to
momma."
